Cypress Accessibility and MCP docs updates (#6412)
cypress-io/cypress-documentation: docs/accessibility/core-concepts/how-it-works.mdx

1. **Processing**: When your run completes, the final specs are processed for accessibility checks. Earlier specs have already entered processing and are likely completed by the end of the run.
1. **Organizing Views**: Cypress Cloud groups Views (pages and components) rendered during the run, merging and deduplicating across tests. This ensures page-level results and live DOM snapshots are organized effectively.
1. **Generating reports**: A combined "rule-level" report is created, summarizing all detected accessibility violations.

> 1. **Displaying results**: Results are displayed in Cypress Cloud in the run details area as well as in [Branch Review](/accessibility/core-concepts/compare-reports) for comparing runs. Accessibility is also flagged in integrations (e.g., Slack, GitHub/GitLab comments), and accessible via the [Results API](/accessibility/guides/results-api) for optional CI pipeline actions (e.g., failing builds based on unmet standards).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Retreiving results**: Results are accessible via the [Results API](/accessibility/guides/results-api) for optional CI pipeline actions (e.g., failing builds based on unmet standards) and via Cloud MCP for agentic triage.
```
